
# Fall 2025 meeting schedule

Instructions:
* We meet on Thursdays at 10:30am-12:00pm TX
  * Please check the corresponding time in your local schedule
  * Also, keep in mind the time change in the Fall
* Use the Teams Link to join the meeting. [(Click here to join now)]([https://TBD](https://nam11.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/ap/t-59584e83/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fteams.microsoft.com%2Fl%2Fmeetup-join%2F19%253ameeting_MjFjMTg2ZWQtZWIzZS00MTE1LWEzYWQtNTU5NmRiNjcwNjY5%2540thread.v2%2F0%3Fcontext%3D%257b%2522Tid%2522%253a%25228d281d1d-9c4d-4bf7-b16e-032d15de9f6c%2522%252c%2522Oid%2522%253a%2522e491389e-9572-4dad-92e7-ab3a6efe5531%2522%257d&data=05%7C02%7Cjosorio1%40arizona.edu%7C29853c9cf2784929c94c08dddb5e9891%7C5ee35505eb8e4929937d645df5013288%7C1%7C0%7C638907921508577743%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJFbXB0eU1hcGkiOnRydWUsIlYiOiIwLjAuMDAwMCIsIlAiOiJXaW4zMiIsIkFOIjoiTWFpbCIsIldUIjoyfQ%3D%3D%7C0%7C%7C%7C&sdata=EaEr3QkUeIunJ0DtEcUF2wRTKHFxk%2B5fLaE6Wnr4Qz4%3D&reserved=0))
* Please feel free to edit the schedule below if you want to lead a discussion or presentation. Make sure you enter your item before the meeting starts.
* If you have a paper or presentation, please include the URL in the schedule.
* If you need admin access, please contact any of the PIs.

---

<br>


---

## August 28

| **Order** |  **Lead** | **Topic**  |  **URL** |  
|---|---|---|---|
|  1 |  Dr. Brandt  | Opening discussion and introductions for new participants |   |
|  2 |  " | Congratulations for Sultan and Mohammedsaleh  | Feedback or needs for final accepted papers?  |
|  3 | D'Orazio  | Updates  | Oslo, APSA (Spencer, Margaret/Omer), Peace Science |

<br>

**UTD updates**
* Starting on UMN-ODIM data 
* Documentation for containers and cloud for ConfliBERT
* Need to set up meetings on Mexican Disappearances Applications
* Fine tuning demos?

<br>

---

## September 4

| **Order** |  **Lead** | **Topic**  |  **URL** |  
|---|---|---|---|
|  1 |  Dr. Brandt  | Opening discussion  |   |
|  2 | D'Orazio  | APSA Presentation  |   |

<br>

**UTD updates**
* Comments on Berlin / Salzburg presentation

---

## September 11

| **Order** |  **Lead** | **Topic**  |  **URL** |  
|---|---|---|---|
|  1 |  Dr. Brandt  | Opening discussion  |   |
|  2 | Dagmar | Questions on building GSRs for NPM data  |   |
|  3 |  Xingyuan | Updates on UMN data  |   |
|  4 |  Ashton and Ethan | Quick container updates  | [(GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/AshtonElliott/ConfliBERT-dockerV2)  |
| 5  | Niamat | Updates on document filtering and hierarchy | | 
| 6  | Dr. Osorio | Updates on ConfliBERT Spanish v2 | | 
| 7  | Shreyas | ConflLlama APSA Prez |[Link to Slides](https://www.overleaf.com/read/hphgfxvjpgsm#5c8535) | 

<br>

**UTD updates**
* Conversations with Yibo on AL, zero-shot, and other cross-task and framework ideas
<br>

**UA updates**
* We are beginning work on updating ConfliBERT Spanish
   * Scraping thesis and dissertations from university libraries in LatAm
   * Trying MT from EN and AR to ES  (we need access to the EN corpus at UTD) 
* Starting pipeline for political violence event data in Colombia
  
---

## September 18

---

## September 25

| **Order** |  **Lead** | **Topic**  |  **URL** |  
|---|---|---|---|
|  1 |  Dr. Brandt  | Opening discussion  | [Updates based on recent talks and meetings ](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/17ZAVidBQJf7TC4EkL_5XzkOw7J2-kT35oLzwo_KDBFA/edit?usp=sharing)  |

<br>

**UTD updates**
* Followups with partners in MX and AR via Paula and Javier
* Setting up a science gateway / services meeting (Alex Michels, Ethan, Ashton)

---

## October 2

---

## October 9

| **Order** |  **Lead** | **Topic**  |  **URL** |  
|---|---|---|---|
|  1 |  Dr. Brandt  | Opening discussion  |   |
|  2 |  Xingyuan | Updates on ODIM-UMN data  |   |
|  3 |   |   |   |


<br>

**UTD updates**
* ToI and other task updates


<br>

---

## October 16

| **Order** |  **Lead** | **Topic**  |  **URL** |  
|---|---|---|---|
|  1 |  Dr. Brandt  | Opening discussion  |   |
|  2 | Shreyas  | ToI and dataset  |   |
|  3 |  Dr. Brandt | Macro outline  |  Link to new paper ideas |
|  4 |  Ashton  | Docker demo  |  <link> |  
| 5 | Ethan |  |



<br>

**UTD updates**
* Video tutorial outline in progress

---

## October 23

| **Order** |  **Lead** | **Topic**  |  **URL** |  
|---|---|---|---|
|  1 |  Dr. Brandt  | Opening discussion  |   |
|  2 |  Dr. Brandt |  Survey of papers in progress |   |
|  3 |  Wenbo | Updates  |   |
|  4 |  Dr. Osorio | Updates on Quantum |   |


<br>

**UTD updates**
* Setup meetings and plans for getting ConfiBERT Docker and Container info finished next week
* ToI plans
* Review of in progress papers

<br>


---

## October 30

| **Order** |  **Lead** | **Topic**  |  **URL** |  
|---|---|---|---|
|  1 |  Dr. Brandt | Will be late, so start with round robin of updates! |   |
|  2 |  Xingyuan and Shreyas | Updates on ODIM data cleaning!  |   |
|  3 |  Ashton and Ethan | Container documentation and demo  |   |
|  4 |   | More on ToI Application Ideas |   |
| 5 | Sultan | GPU / Delta Allocations | |



<br>

**UTD updates**
* Indian cultural categories for contentious politics events
* [New grant ideas link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1h_0YZJHEazGMERM0JlVmhdZhLWGIPZBEFi-KxB8kqLc/edit?usp=sharing)  Email Dr. Brandt if you want edit access.

<br>

---

## November 6

| **Order** |  **Lead** | **Topic**  |  **URL** |  
|---|---|---|---|
|  1 |  Dr. Brandt  | Opening discussion  |   |
|  2 |  Dagmar | PSSI Presentation Review |   |
|  3 | Xingyuan  |  ODIM-UMN data update |   |


<br>

**UTD updates**
* Containers have issues tagged on them to be addressed.
* Have singularity / apptainer instructions ready.  Just need to get onto web / Github

<br>

---

## November 13

| **Order** |  **Lead** | **Topic**  |  **URL** |  
|---|---|---|---|
|  1 |  Dr. Brandt  | Opening discussion  |   |
|  2 |  Xingyuan | Updates on ODIM-UMN data  |   |
|  3 |   |  Chaining and stacking LLMs discussion |   |


<br>

**UTD updates**
* Added container docs to the github repo
* Eval discussions about ODIM-UMN data
* What models should we select on Delta?
* Remember, people are out for PSSI workshop and meeting this week!
* What are options for low / no code ConfliBERT fine-tuning in a GUI?

<br>


---

## November 20


| **Order** |  **Lead** | **Topic**  |  **URL** |  
|---|---|---|---|
|  1 |  Dr. Brandt  | Opening discussion  |   |
|  2 | Shreyas  | ConflLlama 4 NER  |   |
|  3.1 | Javier and Vito  | Post PSSI  |   |
|  3.2  | Javier        | Life Cycle - Reporting Standards paper  |   |
|  4 |   | ODIM-UMN Disappearances scoring  |   |
| 5 | | Future funding | [Laude Institute](https://www.laude.org/)

<br>

**UTD updates**
* Xingyuan working on UMN-ODIM data: moving to Delta
* What should be the performance metric on the Disappearances data!?  Need input from Brikena, Javier, Dagmar, etc.


<br>


---

## November 27

No meeting / Fall Break

---

## December 4

| **Order** |  **Lead** | **Topic**  |  **URL** |  
|---|---|---|---|
|  1 |  Dr. Brandt  | Opening discussion  |   |
|  2 | Wenbo | Model updating  |   |
|  3 |   |  New grant ideas |   |
|  4 |   | Papers (IPM,etc) |   |



<br>

**UTD updates**
* [Signup for DAC talk on 12/4](https://www.dacolloquium.com/page/news/show.aspx?num=66&kind=7&lang=US)
* Setting a future meeting with [Leah Windsor at Memphis.](https://sites.google.com/view/leahcwindsor/home)

<br>

**WVU updates**
* xxx
* xxx
* xxx

<br>

**UA updates**
* xxx
* xxx
* xxx




---

## December 11

| **Order** |  **Lead** | **Topic**  |  **URL** |  
|---|---|---|---|
|  1 |  Dr. Brandt  | Opening discussion  |   |
|  2 |   |   |   |
|  3 |   |   |   |
|  4 |   |   |   |



<br>

**UTD updates**
* xxx
* xxx
* xxx

<br>

**WVU updates**
* xxx
* xxx
* xxx

<br>

**UA updates**
* xxx
* xxx
* xxx




---

## December 18

| **Order** |  **Lead** | **Topic**  |  **URL** |  
|---|---|---|---|
|  1 |  Dr. Brandt  | Opening discussion  |   |
|  2 |   |   |   |
|  3 |   |   |   |
|  4 |   |   |   |



<br>

**UTD updates**
* xxx
* xxx
* xxx

<br>

**WVU updates**
* xxx
* xxx
* xxx

<br>

**UA updates**
* xxx
* xxx
* xxx


